Wow. I think for the first time in my life I have officially a hit my lowest. There's a part of me that feels very good about this because not too long ago I was complaining about how I haven't really experienced a true failure in a really long time. It's funny how the things you want to happen in life come at the most random times and are in the most random forms.

I made a note to myself not too long back that I hadn't failed enough at something and how it was really bugging me and here I am. Not with the failure I was expecting but with a failure.

These self reflections notes always help me screw my head on straight and kind of figure out what I'm supposed to do with my life so I'm going to continue writing them. I think one thing that I still really need to work on is the ability to stick through with the notes I make myself. This is just an aside. 

I'd like to start this reflection by putting into words what I'm feeling. Ever since midterms and the last interview I had I have become so lazy. To be honest I feel really lazy to even type this out because it's taking some amount of brain power. I don't really know why I feel so lazy. I've been getting up at 2 pm everyday for the past 3 weeks. I haven't touched any school work. I don't have an internship. I'm in this state of limbo of not knowing what to do with my life. I used to be really driven and aimed to achieve great things until I quickly realized how little I know about most things.

The last interview I had kind of set things into perspective for me. I really didn't know much about anything. After that, it kind of hit me how little I know about things. How much time I wasted trying to become a fake in this world. I quickly learned how little I know about anything. I learned that I don't have any marketable skills to show off to others. I don't have any skills that make others want me. I've built this insanely fake persona of knowledge. I've come to accept that the people that make it far in life are those that know exactly what's going on to the bone. They don't fake anything. Wow I'm actually getting exhausted writing this out right now. That's how lazy I've gotten.

The crisis I'm going through right now is that my whole life I have convinced myself that I was destined to enter the world of robotics and eventually start my own business in this space. I've been given the chance to lead my school's robotics team but it doesn't get me excited the way I thought it would. I've been so obsessed my whole life with trying to get to California and robotics was my way to do that but then I asked myself, is this really what I wanted to do with the rest of my life? I can't tell if I enjoy it or not. I can't tell if that's really what I want my end goal to be. I don't know if I want to start a business in that space either. I don't know if I want to work for someone else my entire life. I was convinced that the goal was to get to California and work at a robotics company, learn how the company works from the inside out and then attempt to start my own robotics company. Why was this the goal though? Am I really that excited about working in robotics? Do I just enjoy the thought of working on robotics? 

And then it got me thinking. When Justice brought the idea of Savor to me it got me pretty excited. What got me excited was the idea of making money from the product. Is there something wrong with thinking about the money when you want to do something? I asked a lot of people about their why. So why they do what they do and what they're grinding for. Is it for the prestige? For the title? For the bragging rights? For freedom? 

Branavan said he does it for the love of the game. He doesn't want to end up in a managerial position in his life time and wants to stay as close as he can to the tech for as long as possible. He genuinely enjoys doing firmware and working on the tech and so wanting to work at a big company in California where all the tech talent is just naturally makes sense. **Branavan does it because his passion is in firmware.**

I asked Aathi why he does what he does and he said there's a variety of reasons but what I got from his conversation is that he very much values having freedom and being around his friends and family. He puts a lot of effort into holding onto his friends. His friends were coming up for his birthday and I've never seen him so happy before. I don't think he ever stopped smiling. It's really sweet to see that and very wholesome. He said he'd be happy working his 9-5 and having time to just enjoy life on the side which was very wholesome to here.  **Aathi wants a life of freedom and to be able to enjoy life with his friends and family as he puts a lot of value on them. He's aiming for Cali because that's where the best internships are and work opportunities are but he sees himself coming back to Canada to settle down and he doesn't want to work there his whole life. I don't think he sees himself fitting into the tech culture there.**

Will said he does it for the prestige of being an engineer and the security. You land a pretty good job as an engineer and are able to hold onto your job for as long as possible and he doesn't care so much about living the Cali or bust dream. He just wants to be able to work on his own schedule without having to work overtime or anything. He wants the freedom to be able to come back home and enjoy the rest of his life without having to worry about work 24/7. He wants a life of peace.

Justice's answer was the most loaded answer I got so far. I actually have to go checkout the texts to see what he said. Justice told me he doesn't even need a why. Very classic Justice response. And then he proceeds with its for his family and his girl. Born into a life of privilege he doesn't want to sit around and do the bare minimum. He wants to achieve great things. **What is his definition of great things?** Does he want to revolutionize the world? Does he want to be really rich? Does he want freedom? He wants to be financially free forever and spend time with loved ones. I always thought that spending time with loved ones makes me weak. Like I have nothing else to pursue in life. To be honest I do understand where he's coming from because there is a comfort in being with loved ones. I think it hits even better when you work hard for it and get the occasional chance to sit and relax with them. He said he just wants to be a killer. There's a lot of buzzwords in this generation like "killer" and "lock in" but my crisis is trying to figure out what I want to be a killer in and what I want to "lock in" on. He mentioned a really good point about how your goals will always change depending on where you are in life. Which is very true. I get really uncomfortable when my goals change and it's what puts me into this state of limbo. When Justice says he wants to start his own VC firm I wonder if he truly believes that what he wants to do with his life. Is that what he's working towards? I think what I took away from this part of the talk with Justice is that your dreams and goals will always change but you should develop a mentality that sticks with you throughout your life as your goals and situations change. This was also I really good point he made which was that **everyone who is amazing at something really likes what they're doing.** He mentions you cant fake passion and passion is what takes someone to the next level. Discipline is the bare minimum nowadays and we have to love the shit we're doing to be one of the greats. He compares how Jordan and LeBron loved basketball and its what makes them one of the greats. I don't want to be average. I see how many kids are trying so hard for that next internship and are grinding away to land that dream job but I really don't want to work a job for the rest of my life. When I tell myself this I reflect on my time as Wato captain and I notice how much I don't really enjoy leading this team. I don't look forward to meetings, I don't look forward to moving the team forward, I don't look forward to presentations so what's the point in what I do. Maybe working a job is for me. Or maybe I haven't found what I want to start my business in. I've been creating this narrative about how I want to work on something impactful in the world or how I want to work a job where the company is doing something I truly believe in but is that really what I want to do? The next section is going to be about me and my thoughts I just went to seek guidance first. Another point I made to justice is that I'm afraid that if I don't start now and pick the "right thing" I'll be so behind in 5 years because I picked the wrong thing. He told me that this mindset was very trapping and that you always learn and grow as a person. This is true. It makes you very closed minded but the one thing about me is I have no idea what to be working on at all. I am so completely lost because I haven't found something I truly love. That's why the one take away I took from this conversation was that **mentality should be built and developed early on and it should stay consistent so that whatever your goals are at the time adapt this mentality as well.** Justice mentioned how he spent hundreds of hours coffee chatting with people for investment banking and private equity opportunities and practiced for interviews just to end up rejecting them. This is a very classic message but he told me to enjoy the process and the journey and not so much the destination. My response to this is that I don't know if this is the journey that I want to follow. I don't even know what my journey is supposed to be.

I have to thank justice for such a great conversation, it definitely helped a lot. Now lets move onto my life and what I want.

So the things that really concerns me right now is that I don't have the skills I believe I need to be employed anywhere. I don't know what my skillsets are I don't know what I'm supposed to be working towards I don't know what my goals are and I'm just lost in general. I think this comes from the years of using chat gpt. I really can't remember the last time I tried to do something and struggled at it so hard and finally got it working (It was actually grade 12 computer science when I would spend hours trying to think of a solution to a coding problem). I can't remember the last time I felt smart. The last time I tried really hard at something. 

The problems in my life are this:
- I don't know if I have enough of an interest for robotics to be my future
- I don't know if I have enough of an interest to start a robotics company because I'm not enjoying being the captain of Watonomous
- I've cheated through a lot of my life to the point where I don't have any real knowledge about anything
	- By cheated I mean I use AI a lot to solve my problems and do all the heavy lifting and there's so much noise about how its okay to use AI a lot
	- Some great creators like Baxter actually talked about how much he uses AI for his work but I think using AI that much just leave me really empty
	- Especially when you work at a company, you don't get the chance to use AI as much and you need to rely on the skillset you develop but I haven't really developed a skillset because I use AI in everything
	- I've lost the ability to problem solve which is the biggest problem
- I don't know if starting a business is what I actually want to do (This is definitely what I want to do I just don't know what I want to start a business in)

### To sum it up:
Earlier in my school years coming into Waterloo I had the mindset of getting a good job in California (convinced myself that I wanted to be in mechanical engineering and work on physical products because they were "cooler"). Tried software at my second co op to see if I could break into software and became addicted to using chat gpt because we were always on tight deadlines and under a lot of pressure so I had to make sure I shipped products fast. This means I didn't really get the chance to learn because if I did take my time to learn I wouldn't have gotten anything done and would have gotten fired. I was convinced that AI/ML was the field that I wanted to be in and then wanted to specialize in computer vision because I thought it was cool to "make machines see like humans". I learned that I liked robotics as a whole and not just the machine learning aspect of it and began pursuing more robotics roles. Ended up using a lot of chat gpt for this as well which means I didn't learn much in this field. Got really lazy and stopped working as hard to learn what I was coding because chat gpt was doing a lot of the heavy lifting and just relied on it to write all my code. Had several interviews where I was embarrassed because I couldn't talk about my projects in detail and realized how much chat gpt had actually taken over my ability to think. Got selected to be captain of my school's robotics teams and realized that I don't really enjoy running this team. I assumed this is what it would be like to run a robotics company and then started questioning if this is actually my future. My whole life I convinced myself the plan was to get a really nice job in California and then learn how they build their company and then do the same thing on my own. Realized I'm not sure if I have the technical knowledge or will power to learn the knowledge to be able to do that. Got introduced to startups with Justice and saw just how easy it was to code with AI but realized that I wasn't really learning anything except how to use AI properly to code. I guess that's a skill in itself but not a skill I was particularly proud of because I realized I couldn't have any real conversations with other technical people about how to build products and that all I was good for was my ability to use AI. Started to question if this was really how I wanted to live my life (vibe coding apps and not knowing how to build anything properly without AI). It made me feel like I had no real knowledge of what I was doing and many people can see right through that which makes you lose credibility. I hate not knowing exactly what I'm doing because it's embarrassing when you talk to other people who know what they're doing. You immediately lose respect in those situations. It seems the whole world is obsessed with software engineering but all software engineering is how well you can build web and mobile apps and that's what creates businesses. Realized that I've let a lot of people tell me a lot of things that got to my head like "You work too hard", "You never make time for fun" and believed that this was my personality when in reality, I hadn't really gotten a lot of work done. Lost a lot of motivation and discipline to pursue anything like school, finding a job, working on savor, leading a team because I felt lost in what I wanted to do with life. I lost all direction. I've lost the path I was supposed to be in because I learned that it wasn't what I really enjoyed and I feel like I'm running out of time trying to find out what I enjoy and what I want to do with the rest of my life. I've thought about this so much to the point where I stopped trying and kept putting off life until the next day hoping I would feel better. I put it off so much that it took me three weeks to write this down and now here I am.

### What is the plan?
The mistake that I've made with a lot of my reflections which was supposed to put me on the right path is that I've set goals that are materialistic and tangible and those goals continue to change and you believe that when those goals change you have failed. There is some truth in the fact that writing your down goals is helpful to achieving them but it's tough when you're kind of lost about what your goals are. So I ask you this. **What kind of life do you want to live? How do you envision your life turning out? What do you want to be doing on a day to day basis?**

I want to be really rich. As much as it sucks to say that is what I want. Why does it suck to say? I think it sucks to say because it makes me believe I won't ever really get rich. I won't find something I truly love and stick with it until the end. I won't be able to build out of something I love. But this makes me question those who got rich other ways. Liv's uncle is a prime example of this because he told me that he wasn't passionate about HVAC but he was passionate about money. HVAC was an industry that he wanted to pursue and that's what he made his money in. Liv's dad is another example of this because he loved working with machinery, and he saw a market there so that's what he built his business on. There's a lot of noise out there in the world about how to run a business and start a company. Everyone wants to start a business and then go after investors and raise funding for their start up. Others don't even know VCs exist but still run very successful businesses. People in software seem so fake and close minded like there's only one way to succeed which is to move to California, live this healthy lifestyle and eventually something will click. How many of those founders actually succeed? Then there are these indie hackers who make random consumer apps and all of a sudden make millions of dollars from them. Maybe these guys are just the ones that got lucky. The point I'm making here is that there's a lot of noise in the industry about what's right and what's wrong and it's your job to filter out what you listen to and what you don't listen to. You can't let social media control what is right and what is wrong. That's a decision you need to make yourself. Exposing yourself to this much noise builds a lot of confusion in your path. You look for the next big thing too soon without taking something the whole way.

Back to the life I want to live. I want to be really rich. I want to be able to give big presents to people and go out for expensive dinners and live in a really big house. Now no one ever got rich by working for someone else especially as an engineer because of how replaceable they are. Engineers will always just be a tool. There is no job security in entry to mid level engineers. I think what I want to do in life is start a business. You can't let yourself get distracted by the noise of others. I just raised this much funding or I just quit my internship to do this. All of that is just noise. All that really matters is what you want to do and how you want to go about doing it. I think a mentality that is good to have is to want to build something that others will use and to solve problems of others. Be a problem solver. Find love in solving problems for other people. And learn as much as you can in the process of solving these problems for other people. This is how someone truly becomes rich. They find a problem and they become the best at solving that problem. To become the best at solving a specific problem you need to have the humility to learn from others who are already in the industry. I think the mentality that I need is to learn, learn, learn. Be so damn good at struggling and learning and struggling again. Experience all the hard parts of the process no matter what that process be. Learn from others. Learn from the internet. Maybe you don't like it or maybe you do. But at the end of the day the mentality that can really carry you forward is your ability to learn and struggle through the learning and learn some more. You need to suck up the idea that what you're working is not what you're interested in because you never really know unless you truly embrace yourself in it. But the point I'm trying to make right now is that there is a joy in learning something deeply that you can not get from anything else. A joy in working so hard at one thing and trying to learn everything about it. A joy in becoming an expert in it. I think there are a lot of fakes in the world and you can really tell when it comes to interviewing because good companies will pick you apart. There is a joy in being smart and understanding things deeply. So take pride in trying to learn as much as you can. The reason I say this is because people have very different ways of starting businesses and becoming successful. Some may be smarter than others but at the end of the day what they all did really well is learn things deeply. Some learned how to sell really well. Some learned how to code really well. Some learned how to take any business from 0-1. Every CEO has their own specific skillset that makes them great but what all CEOs and Business owners share is there ability to learn so damn deeply in the area they are interested in. You need to love getting stuck, asking for help, getting stuck again and finally figuring it out.

**Successful people are intelligent. Intelligent people are curious. Curious people learn a lot. Learn, learn and learn some more** 

Another thing I really want to get better at is talking to people and become more of a people person. I know you're going through a very hard time now but you need to be able to talk to people in order to get what you want in life. Be charismatic and charming to those around you. The mysterious act doesn't get you very far. When you smile and show people you care you're able to do a much better job at making friends and making connections. Keep the mindset you have when you're alone and working towards your goals but on the outside be a great person and light up the room. Even with your parents you need to be in a good mood. Show them you can be a leader and be great in a lot of areas of life. It feels good to talk to people about things. You naturally do a good job talking to people and so use that to your advantage to be a better speaker. Especially in public.

**Be a charismatic character. It draws people in. Show kindness always and be a good person. Hold onto your mindset but being charismatic and joyful on the outside makes you a really good person. This is the same amongst most successful people. Stop being so negative. You are privileged.**

I believe with these two traits you can achieve a lot of things in life. Although what you're working on may not be directly tailored towards what you may or may not want to do for the rest of your life, you can guarantee that taking these two traits with you for the rest of your life are something you will see big returns from. 

What I want to do is build a business. The industry that it's going to be in? I'm not sure. I do know that I want the struggle of taking something from 0-1 and to become the best at doing that. Who knows where that will take me in a couple years. My goal is not to revolutionize the world because those who revolutionized the world didn't create to change the world. They just built for the fun of building and having users use stuff. This is what life is about. Build for a need and just see what happens. Find these pain points and build for them however you know to do that. If one thing is certain about all successful business, is that they built to a need and became the best at building to that need. Doing robotics and any other industry is just me exposing myself to that industry and seeing what needs they fulfill. Analyze companies at a whole and see how you can be the best builder for that company so that they can fulfill a need.

**Be a builder of anything. Build to solve a need. Experience everything from every company and see what need they are building towards.**

