Man what an interesting week. I feel like I did so much but so little. I caught a bit of a cold so I had to miss out on the gym for a bit which ended up turning into the week because I got addicted to our project. I finally learned enough to get on track and now its addicting but I keep running into so many issues. Like everything was find and then all of a sudden my ros2 workspace stops working. Sourcing just wants to quit on us.

Mustafa is really hard to work with as well. I think he just doesn't like admitting things he doesn't know. It's a little weird because he came up to me and asked me how a robot knows what points to go and he admitted to it. But even in the call with the phd students he just acted like he knew everything. Anyways that's something you have to actively work at and not neglect to make yourself a better leader. These things are going to happen.

I had a really good start with leet code but quickly fell off. I got so addicted to this project. Like it seems so simple for it to work but I keep running into a lot of issues and don't know what to do about it. I go down a chat gpt rinse and repeat rabbit hole. I've figured out what exactly needs to be done in order to learn and get things done. When I understand something is wrong, I have to go down a rabbit hole in google and chat gpt where applicable to figure out how to make it work. It's no use just having chat gpt spit out random shit so make sure you understand exactly what's going on when you work on these things. 

Here's what I learned this week or am reflecting on:
- Don't get distracted by one problem you forget all the other things that need to be done
	- You have 3 important things to do over these next three months which is leet code, savor and robot project
	- I suggest you leave work when it is time to leave work, you come home and you start working on your other projects
	- This is far more effective than pushing through working on one project
- Cursor is powerful but be careful
	- Don't run into the chat gpt rabbit whole loop with cursor when building this app
	- Watch tutorials as you build and learn what is going on and what's happening in your code base
	- Understand things like how the backend connects to the front end
	- Learn about the back end
	- Learn about the front end
	- These are all important things to understand when you're building the app
	- You finally finalized the plan and MVP for savor so lets get started on our user journeys
- Leetcode
	- You need to leetcode and learn everyday
	- Take the time to understand everything there is to know about what you're learning
	- And we have to switch to C++ unfortunately
	- Lot more opportunities in robotics if you use C++ for your coding interviews
- ROS2
	- I still don't know what makes ROS2 so special besides the fact that it's able to send and receive messages
	- I should look into this more 
	- You have a good understanding of robotics autonomy now which is really good
	- Let's keep pushing with this