You've been so lazy for the past couple days but we're ready to bounce back on the study grind. It's almost 5 pm and you haven't gotten much done today. All we have to do is start now. You are going to give yourself 6 hours to put your head down and get to work and complete something meaningful. The goal today is to become a god at ME 340. 

Remember. The things that make you feel fulfilled are hard things. You enjoy being smart and helping others with the knowledge you gain. You see fulfillment in knowing how things were and being a poly math. Wanting to be the best at everything is a good enough meaning for the time being. Wanting to understand everything about everything is what life is about at least to me. I like working hard towards different things and doing hard things. I like being knowledgeable in a lot of areas of life. Our goal today is to continue growing that knowledge. You don't need a dying passion for what you do. Although it helps all you need to know is that doing things you don't feel like doing turn you into the person you need to become. Along the way you will find what matters to you but in the process strive to be knowledgeable in multiple areas of life and become the best and building and learning. Learn to build then build to learn and repeat that over and over and over again. 

Let's grind out ME 340 even if you don't feel like it. Always do things when you don't feel like doing them. That's how one becomes successful in life. I'm going to to the washroom, fill up my water bottle and then continue on tutorial 8 and finish tutorial 7 and 9. At the end I'm going to review all the tutorials and become knowledgeable in the manufacturing processes.