Before we start this question, I want to understand what are some common patterns we have noticed so far?

One main pattern that's obvious is that we will always be using 2 pointers to identify a window size. If it's a dynamic window, we will be increasing and decreasing the window size using various methods such as using a set to add and remove values, checking to see if the values of different indexes are the same, etc.

I think something you can look out for in terms of creating solutions for this is at what condition does the window move? Understand that we're going to be using one pointer to iterate through the array and another pointer to follow that pointer based on a condition. So once we figure out what that condition is, we can code a solution. **This is specific for dynamic window questions.**

### My solution:
```python
class Solution:
    def characterReplacement(self, s: str, k: int) -> int:
        L = 0
        maxCount = 0
        hashMap = {}
        length = 0

        for R in range(len(s)):
            if s[R] in hashMap:
                hashMap[s[R]] += 1
            else:
                hashMap[s[R]] = 1

            if maxCount < hashMap[s[R]]:
                maxCount = hashMap[s[R]]
            
            if (R-L+1) - maxCount >= k or len(s) == (R-L+1) or k == 0:
                length = R - L + 1
                L += 1
                hashMap[s[L]] - 1
        return length
```

### Actual Solution
This was also my solution I was just being stupid.
```python
class Solution:
    def characterReplacement(self, s: str, k: int) -> int:
        L = 0
        maxCount = 0
        hashMap = {}
        length = 0

        for R in range(len(s)):
            if s[R] in hashMap:
                hashMap[s[R]] += 1
            else:
                hashMap[s[R]] = 1

            if maxCount < hashMap[s[R]]:
                maxCount = hashMap[s[R]]
            
            while (R-L + 1) - maxCount > k:
                hashMap[s[L]] -= 1
                L += 1
           
            length = R - L + 1
                
        return length
```

### What can we do with hashmaps

```python
# Adding characters to a hashMap
if s[R] in hashMap:
	hashMap[s[R]] += 1
else:
	hashMap[s[R]] = 1

# Decrementing values
hashMap[s[L]] -= 1

# Getting max values
max(hashMap.values())

# Shortcut to increment or add a character to a hashMap
# Add 1 to the value of the character in the hashmap and if
# it doesn't exist just add 1 to a default value of 0
hashMap[s[R]] = 1 + hashMap.get(s[r], 0)
```

## When to Consider Using a Hashmap
- When you find yourself asking "have I seen this before?"
- When you need to count occurrences of elements
- When you need fast lookups (O(1) time)
- When working with pairs that need to satisfy a relationship
- When tracking unique elements or removing duplicates
- When implementing a cache of previously computed results


### Important Points for This Question
For this question you have to understand right away that you need a hashmap because we need to keep track of how many times we see a specific element

For this we do our usual start by initialzing our maxcount, hashmap, length and left pointer

We loop through the list and add to hashmap
`hashMap[nums[R]] = 1 + hashMap.get(nums[R], 0)`

We check to see if we have to increase the current maxcount 

Then we check to see if the number of replacements in our current window exceeds the number of replacements available.

If it exceed the number of replacements, then we should move L up and decrement the frequency of that element in the hashMap. We keep decreasing the window size as long as the number of replacements in our window is greater than the number of replacements available we decrement the frequency of nums[L] and move the L pointer up

Then we return the length of the window

In this solution, we keep the size of the window the same unless we get a new max frequency, in which we will have to reduce the size of the window. Because we are returning the largest a window can be while replacing one character, we assume that as soon as we find the larges window that matches our condition, the window will be of this size. 

We don't have to return exactly what is to be replaced, just the length of the longest substring which means that the window stays the same size as soon as we reach a point where all conditions are met. All conditions just means the number of replacments is met.
