Thanks for having me. I’m currently a Mechanical Engineering student with a specialization in mechatronics at the University of Waterloo. Over the past few years, I’ve gained significant experience in computer vision and machine learning through my work as the perception lead at Watonomous as well as a machine learning intern at Eon Media. At Watonomous I’ve been responsible for developing and implementing key perception systems for autonomous vehicles, including 3D object tracking and real-time object detection using deep learning models like YOLOv8.

In addition to my hands-on experience with Python, C++, and ROS2, I’ve had the opportunity to lead technical teams, manage codebases, and contribute to the integration of perception systems with edge computing platforms. I’ve also been deeply involved in technical assessments and design reviews, ensuring that our solutions align with complex product requirements.

During my time at Eon Media, I developed facial recognition algorithms and integrated fine tuned various other AI models into their media platform. This gave me valuable exposure to applying machine learning models in real-world scenarios, as well as collaborating across teams to deliver solutions that met business needs.

What excites me about this position at Chamberlain is the opportunity to apply my experience with computer vision systems to a new domain while collaborating with a team of engineers to develop solutions that operate both on the edge and in the cloud. I’m looking forward to contributing to innovative solutions and being a part of your team.
